[Autogenerated] you've learned how you can monitor your
application using Springwood actuator.
Now we're going to focus on gathering metrics.
What exactly do we mean by metrics?
Metrics is information about how your application is performing
that you typically want to track over time.
Examples of metrics might be how much memory and how much
ship you your application is using.
How many requests per second or per minute it is processing
and how long it takes to process requests.
There are many software packages and software as a service
solutions available to monitor and visualized metrics.
When you want to use one of these, what you would typically do is add some.
Go to your application to publish metrics to your monitoring software,
which can then visualize it for you the point where you have to AD DS go
to the application to collect and publish metrics.
That's where library named micro meter comes in.
Micro meter is a vendor neutral API for collecting metrics.
Vendor neutral means that you write your goat for
collecting metrics using the micro media API,
which is independent off whatever monitoring and
visualization software you would use so that when you later
decide to use other monitoring software.
You won't have to change your metrics collection code the micro media website,
which you can find that micro media load Io calls it think as a left for J.
But for metrics,
which very succinctly makes it clear what it is just like as a
left for J enables you to write your code without directly tying
it to specific logging implementation.
Micro media enables you to write your code without locking
you into a specific monitoring tool.
Micro meter is being developed and maintained by pivotal,
the same company that's taking care of the spring framework.
So spring has very good support for micro meteor.
One off the Springwood actuator and points is the metrics endpoint the
metrics that you see there are actually micro media metrics,
which are being recorded by different components in the application.
Let's take a look at the metrics and point to see how the metrics are organized.
With the demo application still running,
navigate to HTTP local host Port 80 81 slash actuator slash metrics.
What you get is a list of names off metrics that
the application makes available.
Let's take a look at the metric named HTTP dot server dot requests
to see the details of a particular metric we can just append the
name to the URL off the actuator metrics.
Endpoint first.
What you see when you look at this metric are three
different measurements labeled Count, Total Time and Max,
which are the number off requests processed.
The total amount of time it took to process these requests and
the maximum time for processing a request.
Each metric has its own measurement values.
And these are the measurements that the HTTP DLL server
adult requests metric happens to have next.
What's interesting?
Here are the tax that you can see under available tax.
These stacks allow you to select a subset off the measurements.
To do that,
I can add a query parameter to the URL off the form
Jack equals name colon value.
Suppose that I would only want to see the measurements
for the requests to the register path.
I can do that by selecting on the you are attacked by adding question Mark
tag equals URL UI Collins less registered to the URL.
You can add multiple tech weary parameters separated by M persons,
for example,
I can add em percent tax status column 202 If I want to see only
the measurements for all requests to the register path that
got to to are two response status code,
this is what's called dimensional metrics.
Using the tax, you can select subsets off the measurements in different dimensions.